== Redmine Diff Email Plugin ==

'''Warning! Tests with <tt>redmine-2.3.3</tt> showed that this plugin is outdated.'''

This plugin sends diff emails for each changeset pushed to a repository.

=== Description ===

This project is a fork of [https://github.com/kahseng/redmine_diff_email.git]
(originally by [https://github.com/Lamar/]) with the following modifications.

* E-mail headers added.
* Multi-language support (send e-mail in the language of the committer).
* Support for multipart e-mail (with text messages).
* View diff in mail abolished.
* Abolished by users in custom field settings. By project (by the repository) Sets whether to send email.
* Changes to send mail to project members authorized repository browser.
* Add the option of attaching diff file or not.
* To see a list of changed files on the commit in the body of the email. (Git, Subversion, Mercurial)

=== Installation ===

* Add following 1 line to <code>./app/views/projects/settings/_repository.rhtml</code> in your Redmine.
----
 <%   button_disabled = ! @repository.class.scm_available %>
 <%=    repository_field_tags(f, @repository)%>
 <%= call_hook(:view_projects_settings_repository) %>        # <-- Add this line. 
 <% end %>
 </div>
----
# Follow the plugin installation procedure at http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins.
# Perform a one-time database migration with the command
     rake db:migrate:plugins
# Restart your Redmine.
# Set the 'Email notifications' checkbox at Repositr setting tab on your project settings page.

=== License ===

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

